Is it true that cannibals don't eat clowns because they taste funny?
What kind of pig can you ignore at a party? A wild bore.
What kind of murderer has fiber? A cereal killer.
A man walking down the streets sees another man with a very big dog. One man says to the other, Does your dog bite? The man replies No my dog doesn't. The man pats the dog and has his hand bitten off. I thought you said your dog didn't bite said the injured man. Thats not my dog, replied the other.
Q. How do you catch a polar bear? A. You cut a hole in the ice and you put peas all round the edge and when the polar bear comes along and stops for a pea, you kick it in the ice hole.
Why do Marxists like fruit infusions? Because all proper tea is theft!
What was born to succeed? A budgie with a blunt beak.
What do you call a fly with no wings? a walk.
What do you call a teacher with no arms, no legs, and no body? The Head.
Q: Why should you never iron a four leaf clover? A: You should never press your luck!
What's ET short for? Because he's got little legs.
What lies on the bottom of the ocean and shakes? A nervous wreck.
Two cannibals are sitting around eating a clown. One clown says to the other, Does this taste funny to you?
A piece of straight, clean string goes into a bar and orders a gin and tonic. The barman serves the drink, the string downs it and walks out. Ten minutes later a dirty, twisted, ragged piece of string walks into the bar. Are you that piece of string that was here ten minutes ago? asks the barmanNo replies the string, I'm a frayed knot.
There are these two sausages sizzling in a frying pan. One turns to the other and says, gees it's hot in here. And the second one turns around and goes AAAAH, a talking sausage!.
Q: What did the grape say when the elephant trod on it? ANothing, it just gave a little wine.
A man walks into a bar and is about to order a drink when he notices Van Gogh playing the fruit machine. He calls over, Hey, Van Gogh! Want a drink? and Van Gogh replies, No thanks. I've got one ere.
There were two cows in a field.One said moo. The other one says I was going to say that!
What did the landlord say as he threw Shakespeare out of his pub? You're Bard!
A three legged dog walks into a Saloon in the Wild West, the barman asks him what he wants. The dog replies I'm looking fo the man that shot my paw.
Two owls are playing in the final of the Owl Pool Championship. It comes down to the last frame. One of the owls is just about to play his shot, when his wing accidentally touches a ball. That's two hits, says the other owl. Two hits to who? says the first.
An atom walks into a bar and asks the bartender if he's seen his missing electron. Are you sure she's missing, asks the bartender. I'm positive, replies the atom.
Two aerials met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony was rubbish but the reception was brilliant.
Did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac? He used to lie awake at night wondering if there was a Dog!
What do you call a donkey with 3 legs? A Wonky.
What's brown and sticky? A stick.
A horse walks in to a bar. The bartender says: Why the long face?
A Buddhist walks up to a hot dog vendor and says Make me one with everything.
A mushroom walks into a bar. The bartender says to the mushroom. Hey we don't serve your kind here. The mushroom says, Why not I'm a fun guy.
What did the mayonnaise say to the refrigerator? Close the door! Can't you see I'm dressing?
PATIENT. Doctor, people keep ignoring me. DOCTOR. Next please.
Q. What's the difference between a buffalo and a bison? A. You can't wash your hands in a buffalo.
How long did Cain hate his brother? As long as he was Able.
A penguin walks into a store and asks the teller, Do you have any grapes? No. He replies.This same thing happens the next day. On the third day the teller replies, No, and if you come in asking for grapes again I will nail your flippers to the floor! On the next the penguin walks in and asks, Got any nails?No. Replies the teller.Got any grapes! The penguin asks!
I got that job down the bowling alley! What tenpin?, No it's permanent.
A man goes into the doctor with a penguin on his head. The doctor says What can I do for you? And the penguin says Well doc, it started as this growth on my foot.
A man goes to the doctor and says Doctor, it hurts when I do this, and raises his arm. Well, don't do that!, says the doctor.
Q: Did you hear about the Ice Cream Sales man that was found dead in his store covered in chocolate sauce and syrup? A: Police think he topped himself! 
How many surrealists does it take to change a light bulb?2. 1 to hold the giraffe, and one to fill the bathtub with brightly coloured machine tools. 
Three vampires are sitting at a bar. Bartender asks the first one what he wants. I think I'll have a glass of blood. Okay, what'll you have? he asks the second vampire. That sounds good. I'll have a glass of blood too. And what can I get for you? he asks the third vampire. I'll have a glass of plasma, said the third vampire. Okay. said the bartender, That's two bloods and a blood light, then.
A polar bear walks into a bar and the barman asks, What would you like to drink?. The polar bear hangs his head and sighs deeply and then says, I'll have a pint of bitter barman. The barman looks at the bear and says Why the big paws?
What does an agnostic, dyslexic, insomniac do?Stays up all night wondering if there is a Dog. 
A termite walks into a cocktail lounge, and asks a customer, Is the bartender here? 
A man goes to the vet about his dog's fleas. The vet says I'm sorry, I'll have to put this dog down. The man is incredulous and asks why. The vet says Because he is far too heavy.
An Englishman, an Irishman and a scotsman walk into a bar, the barman asks, Is this a joke?
A group of Chess enthusiasts were kicked out of a hotel reception for discussing their winning games. The manager can't stand chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
A brain and a pair of jumper cables walks into a bar. The brain orders two pints from the barman but the barman refuses to serve him. When asked why, the barman repliesWell you're clearly out of your head, and your friend there looks as if he's about to start something.
The police arrested two men, one for drinking battery acid and the other for eating fire crackers.They charged one and let the other one off.
A man went to a horse breeder and said, I want that horse. The breeder said that horse aint looking so good, but the man still wanted to buy it, so he did. The next day he came back with the horse and said, you sold me a blind horse. The breeder replied, I told you that horse aint looking so good.
Two hikers were walking through the woods when they noticed a bear charging towards them in the distance. The first hiker removed his trail boots and began to lace up his running shoes. The second hiker laughed and said, Why bother changing out of your boots? You can't outrun a bear. The first hiker replied, I don't have to outrun the bear, I only have to outrun you.
Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes.Then when you do criticize them, you'll be a mile away and have their shoes.
How many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb?Two, one to do it, and another to hold the fish.
As a funeral train passes by a golf course, a golfer on one of the greens stops,stands at attention with hat held over his heart as the hearse goes by.Then hegoes back to lining up his putt.His playing partner remarks how that was thenicest gesture he'd ever seen, to show such respect for the dead.The firstgolfer sinks his putt and says, Well, she was a good wife for sixteen years.
A woman has twin boys and gives them up for adoption. One goes to a family in Egypt, and is named Amahl. The other goes to a family in Spain and is named Juan. Years later, Juan sends a picture of himself to his birth mom. Upon receiving the picture, she tells her husband that she wishes she also had a picture of Amahl. Her husband responds, But they are identical twins. If you've seen Juan, you've seen Amahl.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? A stick. 
Did you hear about the dyslexic Satanist? He sold his soul to Santa,
Did you hear about the guy that lost his left arm and leg in a car crash? He's all right now.
How do crazy people go through the forest? They take the psycho path.
How do you get holy water? Boil the hell out of it.
How does a spoiled rich girl change a lightbulb? She says, Daddy, I want a new apartment.
What did the fish say when he hit a concrete wall? Dam.
What do Eskimos get from sitting on the ice too long? Polaroids.
What do prisoners use to call each other? Cell phones.
What do the letters D.N.A. stand for? National Dyslexics Association.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn't work? A stick.
What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.
What do you call Santa's helpers? Subordinate Clauses.
What do you call four bull fighters in quicksand? Quatro sinko.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a skin doctor? A pachydermatologist,
What has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you? A pool table.
What is a zebra? 26 sizes larger than an A bra.
What kind of coffee was served on the Titanic? Sanka. And what kind of lettuce? Iceberg.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
What's the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer? The taste.
What's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? Anyone can roast beef.
Where do you find a no legged dog? Right where you left him.
Where do you get virgin wool from? Ugly sheep.
Why are there so many Smiths in the phone book? They all have phones.
Why do bagpipers walk when they play? They're trying to get away from the noise.
Why do gorillas have big nostrils? Because they have big fingers.
What's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver? A bad golfer goes, Whack, Dang! A bad skydiver goes Dang! Whack.
Why don't blind people like to sky dive? Because it scares the dog.
Why did the Pilgrims pants always fall down? Because they wore their belt buckles on their hats.
Man walking down the street meets a friend who has a lobster tucked under his arm.Are you taking that lobster home to dinner? he asks.No, says friend, he's had his dinner and now I'm taking him to the pictures.
A man is sat at home watching T.V. when he hears a knock at the door. The man gets up and answers the door, to his astonishment there is a snail at the door. The snail says Can I sell you some double glazing. To which the man replies No and kicks him down the street. Two weeks later there is another knock at the door. The man answers it and it is the snail again. The snail says, What did you do that for then.
Patient: Doctor, Doctor I think I'm a pair of curtains. Doctor: Pull yourself together man. 
Patient:Doctor, Doctor I can't get this song out of my head and it's driving me crazy. I can't stop humming It's Good to Touch the Green Green Grass of Home. Doctor: Hmm, sounds like Tom Jones Syndrome. Patient, Never heard of it. Doctor, Well it's not unusual.
Extra strong mint and Mars bar are having a drink in the pub.Extra strong mint says to Mars Bar, I'm the hardest mint in town me! No one's harder than me!.With that, the bar doors swing open and in walks a Halls mint. Mars bar turns around and extra strong mint is quivering under the table. Mars bar says, Hang on a minute, I thought you were the hardest mint in town?!. Extra strong mint says, I might be hard, but he's menthal!
Q. Why do cows have bellsA. Because there horns dont work.
Three American Indian women in the wild west are about to give birth. One is lying on a buffalo skin, one is lying on a moose skin, and one is lying on a hippopotamus skin. The first woman gives birth to a boy. The second gives birth to a girl. And the third gives birth to a boy and a girl. And this proves the squaw of the hide of the hippopotamus is equal to the sum of the squaws of the other two hides!
Guy walks into the doctor's with a strawberry growing out of his head. Doctor says I can give you some cream for that.
A man goes to a diner. On the menu it says, Breakfast Served Anytime so, when the waitress comes he orders French Toast during the Renaissance! 
Q: What happens to Composers when they die. A: They decompose.
I drunk driver is stop for heading the wrong way on a one way street. The police officer asked the driver didn't you see the arrows. The drink responds, Arrows, I couldn't even see the Indians.
A man took his dog to the vet. Sorry, said the vet, but your dog is dead. Distraught man asks the vet for a second opinion. The vet brings in the practice cat. Cat sniffs around. No response from dog. Vet says sorry, but your dog is dead. Man insists on a third opinion, so vet brings in the practice labrador. Practice dog sniffs around, no response from man's dog. Reluctantly the man accepts his dog is dead. On the way out, the receptionist gives him a bill for $1000. Good grief, what is this for? he asks. Well, said the receptionist, it's $50 for the vet, $300 for the catscan and $600 for the lab report.
A man walks into a shop and says i'd like to buy a wasp, please. the shopkeeper replies i'm sorry, sir, we don't sell wasps. but, says the man you have one in the window.
A white horse walked into a pub and ordered a lager. The landlord put the drink on the bar and said We've got a whisky named after you.The horse replied What, Eric?.
A man gets knocked down by a truck.A guy says to him are you comfortable. He says I make a living!
Why does a chicken coop have 2 doors? Because if had 4 doors it would be a chicken sedan.
Q. Where do you keep a baby ape? A. In an apricot.
What do you call a cow in a paddock with only two right legs. Lean Beef.
Kid: Mummy, Mummy! There is a man with a bill at the door. Mother: Dont be silly dear, it must be a duck with a hat on!
Q: What do you call a fly with no wings? A: A walk.
Why is the number eight afraid of the number seven? Because seven ate nine.
One morning, a girl says to her mom, Does God use our bathroom? Her mom replies, No dear, why do you ask? The little girl says, Well, every morning daddy says 'Oh God, are you still in there! 
Where do sheep get their haircut? At the BahBahShop.
What do you get if you cross frosty the snowman with count dracula? Frostbite.
Did you hear about the two maggots who were fighting in dead Earnest?
What do you call a woodpecker without a beak? A Head banger.
why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side.
what did the 0 say to the 8? Nice belt!
Where would you find a tortoise with no legs? Wherever you left it.
A sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer and the barman says, I'm sorry we don't serve food.
What's brown and sits on a piano bench? Beethoven's Last Movement.
Did you hear that they dug up Beethoven's body last week?They found him decomposing.
What do an eagle and a lion have in common? they both have wings, except for the lion.
How do you get a pikachu onto a bus? You pokemon.
Why did the worker get fired from the orange juice factory? Because he couldn't concentrate.
A guy walks up to the receptionist in the Physchiatrist's office and says I'm the Invisible man and I'd like to talk to the Doctor. She pokes her head into the Physchiatrist's office and says there is a man here who wants to talk to you and he claims he's the Invisible man. The Physchiatrist replies, Tell him I can't see him right now.
What's black, white, blue, and purple all over? A zebra with a bruise!
An unemployed jester is nobody's fool.
Why din't the teddy bear finish its dinner?It was stuffed. 
Dave: Me and the missus went to the Caribbean this year for our summer holidays. John: Jamaica? Dave: No, she went of her own accord!